#labels Featured
*_Where are we from ? Where are we going ? What are we doing now ? _*

= Introduction =

*No specific goal until you've achieved it.*

= Origin =

*Simple: For the freedom of writing code.*

The code writed for making living is restricted by many things. In the most of the time, you cannot make descions on your own. In some projects, someone takes whatever means to achieve the goal. But software only can take evlolution in a good framework. IMHO, software should be builded carefully if you have plenty of spare time. I do not think XP is a bad idea. ~~But It will be a bad idea if someone thinks others are stupid, and insists on his/her solution. Even worse, when these guys dominants, the only thing you can do is keeping silence and keep nodding.~~

Programmers do not like politics. But There are people , There are politics.

= Contemplation from the past =

#scheduled to be writen

The first project is EMC, which I wouldn't talk much about because so many complex C++ tricks used in that project (That monster takes about 20 minutes to build using VS2005 with the machine has Intel Core 2 Duo E6750 and 2 Gigabyte memory). Though I wrote a lot documents for this project ,it would be out of control when others take over it beacause I'm leaving.AFAIK, the one who takes over it has no base knowledge about programming and C++.It's doomed.So I think something should be written privately to others but publicly to the world.

The second project is about sound rendering. That's 3 guys' work but in 3 months all my work in svn repository, I give it up.But I'm doing it now because it won't be done at the deadline but it could be done in my life. Why it's failed ? 1st month we talked it on paper and I wrote some code to split up everyone's work.2ed month after I finished the design code they went home to enjoy their summer vacation. I gived it up for a while. 3rd month, I know it won't be done in 1 month because the best guy in our team is busy with PHD graduation stuffs. BTW, We are using BrookGPU in the project, it sucks. Even worse, I have no video card support BrookGPU.I have to go back to lab to do it in weekends.

Currently I'm busy with it in my weekend, this project will continued when some idea come out of my head. Maybe FSM as David Abrahams described in his book, or maybe integrate others' GC, or maybe a node-based compute framework in process grained...
Code in generative fashion,leave the real implementation blank or configurable in source code level seems very interesting and exciting.

= Features =
0

== Current Task ==
  * Memory management wrap manchnism design and implementation.(99%)
  * Test Memory management code(It's hard to test all because the combination explosion of the code).
  * What about manage memory using a thread ?
  * to be continue ...